feat(reporter): report `TestStep#attachments` (#34037)
microsoft/playwright: docs/src/test-reporter-api/class-teststep.md

List of steps inside this step.

> ## property: TestStep.attachments

Reviewer: Seeing that every reporter implementation immediately turns this into indices, perhaps we should revisit the API and make this an array of numbers? This does not block the PR, but please put it as an explicit topic for the API review.

> * since: v1.10

Reviewer 2: This would be since: v1.50

- type: <[Array]<[Object]>>
  - `name` <[string]> Attachment name.
  - `contentType` <[string]> Content type of this attachment to properly present in the report, for example `'application/json'` or `'image/png'`.
  - `path` ?<[string]> Optional path on the filesystem to the attached file.
  - `body` ?<[Buffer]> Optional attachment body used instead of a file.

> The list of files or buffers attached in the step execution through [`property: TestInfo.attachments`].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The list of files or buffers attached in the step execution through [`method: TestInfo.attach`].
```
